jo people servus and welcome
again year or the last ride
on tbd yes, but it is not just the
be the last part of tpg but me
90% say the last one
part of girl two de total yes
I have decided that I am
now final or what is final
for the time being with de complete
to lock
I will add a few parts of opium
maybe bring from others
servers
but yes I will be here now
with this video with the final
complete with the game
I'm going to say the same again
but first of all it falls to me
really not that hard
decision because yes in principle it is
For me that was almost like a hobby
to play all the whole record
for you and I'm really sorry if
I mean one or the other time
Expectations maybe hurt because
I have no idea which projects of
stars or systems to the descendants though
I'll explain why I do it
at all I stop listening yesterday
night over again for a long time
over it the victim attacks me
First of all, a little something to laugh about
you just miss it that way I have
I think about it tonight
I really want to do it now
really at night at two in bed
located and could not sleep because
I broke my head over it
what is on youtube now what is that
you will enjoy yourselves and yes I am
Nevertheless it came to the conclusion that it
simply the best solution for me and such
is with the whole final
because I just have to finish
I have not had time for it since then
i am in education by my
girlfriend just have zero time for me
say I really am here now
Active for hours and drive in the ct
or so or generally go stones
where generally would like a farm or
drive a little differently in the worthwhile
do not play anymore
and the trans i do not know i hope so
You can see me after eight
years are simply not
Interesting
that has always been for eight years
to make same you do that proves
how the whole game works you
think as stubborn on the stone on it
somehow after eight years
it just sucked out because of me
Just do not come after that
I'd say so, I now am
weekend
I say four hours at most
played on the weekend so but my
Last weekend also for this month
because I'm in six weeks now
but six weeks eight homework
I have no time and therefore
I'll be home from work in the evening
home and that's just there you have it
not really in it somehow
time still big yes the five minutes long
he goes to make and then big
to effectively poor and the
weekend I have something better too
do like me only this title
hacking only for this time
Dirty play it is not a dirty game me
say so I 've been playing eight years
the game meanwhile almost or his
seven years
It was a cool time indeed
an extremely expensive time but it was one
really cool time so I have cool
I met people with youtube
I've got one through youtube
lots of horny subscribers so get her
Be bombed and I'm in now
background again, almost the top fans
my first subscribers
there we have the freak out 315
I 'll greet everyone first then
shifter scott deimos to play tim
dietrich xoxo 67 epic of kenzo fest
somehow I can not pronounce
have daisy for fun a pathologist
phenix soundtrack ix stv constantly
sportics grain ok nice fire rio i
learn to play 12 master karl mays post
view 56er x3 kanti cosmo 12
July gambles and yes it was to now
first subscribers the first 20 loud
google statistics then thanks again
below to you and thank you
every single one of the project
or who built the channel here
It has been a nice time with you
not difficult or not
hard it's not easy here
complete the whole
but i will it i will youtube
do not give up completely
stop it all so I know chain
could I think of a few of you?
you we are therefore no loss
more on girls or not just on de
and he and I become one or each
consider it a channel for yourself
open and that if we do a couple
We bring comments to live
maybe just comment a bit
gamble or so bring for the
People who are interested in my
Commented not currently style I say
I subscribe only because of media 2 or so
so you make info video come yes
concerning the new channel then on
will do
and yes I would like to now has
again to everyone at each of you
thank
I hope you understand mine
decision only with the whole
and of course I do not want to
just disappear so I give you
of course, a little revival with
on the way I say here on dvd
is giving away my equipment now
that would be leather boots +1 with 500
ep a tip new with a k 15 55 db a
5 a battleship six good the
I know that I can do it
you do not need it
211 ps we would still have a hdd here
500 ps clock with 500 ps plus 25
it also once with 500 tpd red the
pearl fan the whole potions here
also earrings spd nine wide the
new skf dp m3 kaka and then there's
in addition not yet on mine
sale-looking ten devices for
gems lv wks a blue two combo
books and 615 again
yes we can not win a clue so
It would be really latte for me
wins just write something nice in
the comments goodbye me
then I will randomly one
choose the whole then wins
just do not know what's nice
Let's think about you
creative and yes then i hope that you
Do not blame me for doing it
quasi my decision was a
happy to stop playing
I hope you can understand that
can also say yes he always has
Sometime you just get older
you just do not have time sometime
More to gamble and I really hope you
You can understand that, too
know it was really not easy for me
So I really got it
head over it on the weekend
but it 's just me like that now
best decision i hope you
accepted that she is respected and
yes , then I know, I guess
next part ruby ​​and still because of
nominum will also be a few places
come
and yes, that'll be my first time out
then go in there